moreover you shall make the tabernacle
moreover you shall make the tabernacle with ten curtains of fine woven linen
with ten curtains of fine woven linen
with ten curtains of fine woven linen and blue purple and scarlet thread with
and blue purple and scarlet thread with
and blue purple and scarlet thread with artistic designs of cherubim you shall
artistic designs of cherubim you shall
artistic designs of cherubim you shall weave them the length of each curtain
weave them the length of each curtain
weave them the length of each curtain shall be 28 cubits and the width of each
shall be 28 cubits and the width of each
shall be 28 cubits and the width of each curtain four cubits and every one of the
curtain four cubits and every one of the
curtain four cubits and every one of the curtains shall have the same
curtains shall have the same
curtains shall have the same measurements five curtains shall be
measurements five curtains shall be
measurements five curtains shall be coupled to one another and the other
coupled to one another and the other
coupled to one another and the other five curtains shall be coupled to one
five curtains shall be coupled to one
five curtains shall be coupled to one another and you shall make loops of blue
another and you shall make loops of blue
another and you shall make loops of blue yarn on the edge of the curtain on the
yarn on the edge of the curtain on the
yarn on the edge of the curtain on the selvage of one set and likewise you
selvage of one set and likewise you
selvage of one set and likewise you shall do on the outer edge of the other
shall do on the outer edge of the other
shall do on the outer edge of the other curtain of the second set fifty loops
curtain of the second set fifty loops
curtain of the second set fifty loops you shall make in the one curtain and
you shall make in the one curtain and
you shall make in the one curtain and fifty loops you shall make on the edge
fifty loops you shall make on the edge
fifty loops you shall make on the edge of the curtain that is on the end of the
of the curtain that is on the end of the
of the curtain that is on the end of the second set that the loops may be clasped
second set that the loops may be clasped
second set that the loops may be clasped to one another and you shall make fifty
to one another and you shall make fifty
to one another and you shall make fifty clasps of gold and couple the curtains
clasps of gold and couple the curtains
clasps of gold and couple the curtains together with the clasps so that it may
together with the clasps so that it may
together with the clasps so that it may be one tabernacle you shall also make
be one tabernacle you shall also make
be one tabernacle you shall also make curtains of goat's hair to be a tent
curtains of goat's hair to be a tent
curtains of goat's hair to be a tent over the tabernacle you shall make
over the tabernacle you shall make
over the tabernacle you shall make eleven curtains the length of each
eleven curtains the length of each
eleven curtains the length of each curtain shall be thirty cubits and the
curtain shall be thirty cubits and the
curtain shall be thirty cubits and the width of each curtain four cubits and
width of each curtain four cubits and
width of each curtain four cubits and the eleven curtains shall all have the
the eleven curtains shall all have the
the eleven curtains shall all have the same measurements and you shall couple
same measurements and you shall couple
same measurements and you shall couple five curtains by themselves and six
five curtains by themselves and six
five curtains by themselves and six curtains by themselves and you shall
curtains by themselves and you shall
curtains by themselves and you shall double over the sixth curtain at the
double over the sixth curtain at the
double over the sixth curtain at the forefront of the temped you shall make
forefront of the temped you shall make
forefront of the temped you shall make fifty loops on the edge of the curtain
fifty loops on the edge of the curtain
fifty loops on the edge of the curtain that is outermost in one set and fifty
that is outermost in one set and fifty
that is outermost in one set and fifty loops on the edge of the curtain of the
loops on the edge of the curtain of the
loops on the edge of the curtain of the second set and you shall make fifty
second set and you shall make fifty
second set and you shall make fifty bronze clasps put the clasps into the
bronze clasps put the clasps into the
bronze clasps put the clasps into the loops
loops
loops and couple the tent together that it may
and couple the tent together that it may
and couple the tent together that it may be one the remnant that remains of the
be one the remnant that remains of the
be one the remnant that remains of the curtains of the tent the half curtain
curtains of the tent the half curtain
curtains of the tent the half curtain that remains shall hang over the back of
that remains shall hang over the back of
that remains shall hang over the back of the tabernacle and a cubit on one side
the tabernacle and a cubit on one side
the tabernacle and a cubit on one side and a cubit on the other side of what
and a cubit on the other side of what
and a cubit on the other side of what remains of the length of the curtains of
remains of the length of the curtains of
remains of the length of the curtains of the tent shall hang over the sides of
the tent shall hang over the sides of
the tent shall hang over the sides of the tabernacle on this side and on that
the tabernacle on this side and on that
the tabernacle on this side and on that side to cover it you shall also make a
side to cover it you shall also make a
side to cover it you shall also make a covering of Ram skins dyed red for the
covering of Ram skins dyed red for the
covering of Ram skins dyed red for the tent and a covering of badger skins
tent and a covering of badger skins
tent and a covering of badger skins above that and for the tabernacle you
above that and for the tabernacle you
above that and for the tabernacle you shall make the boards of acacia wood
shall make the boards of acacia wood
shall make the boards of acacia wood standing upright 10 cubits shall be the
standing upright 10 cubits shall be the
standing upright 10 cubits shall be the length of a board and a cubit and a half
length of a board and a cubit and a half
length of a board and a cubit and a half shall be the width of each board two
shall be the width of each board two
shall be the width of each board two Tenon's shall be in each board for
Tenon's shall be in each board for
Tenon's shall be in each board for binding one to another thus you shall
binding one to another thus you shall
binding one to another thus you shall make for all the boards of the
make for all the boards of the
make for all the boards of the tabernacle and you shall make the boards
tabernacle and you shall make the boards
tabernacle and you shall make the boards for the tabernacle twenty boards for the
for the tabernacle twenty boards for the
for the tabernacle twenty boards for the south side you shall make forty sockets
south side you shall make forty sockets
south side you shall make forty sockets of silver under the twenty boards two
of silver under the twenty boards two
of silver under the twenty boards two sockets under each of the boards for its
sockets under each of the boards for its
sockets under each of the boards for its two Tenon's
two Tenon's
two Tenon's and for the second side of the
and for the second side of the
and for the second side of the tabernacle the north side there shall be
tabernacle the north side there shall be
tabernacle the north side there shall be twenty boards and there are forty
twenty boards and there are forty
twenty boards and there are forty sockets of silver two sockets under each
sockets of silver two sockets under each
sockets of silver two sockets under each of the boards for the far side of the
of the boards for the far side of the
of the boards for the far side of the tabernacle westward you shall make six
tabernacle westward you shall make six
tabernacle westward you shall make six boards and you shall also make two
boards and you shall also make two
boards and you shall also make two boards for the two back corners of the
boards for the two back corners of the
boards for the two back corners of the tabernacle there shall be coupled
tabernacle there shall be coupled
tabernacle there shall be coupled together at the bottom and they shall be
together at the bottom and they shall be
together at the bottom and they shall be coupled together at the top by one ring
coupled together at the top by one ring
coupled together at the top by one ring thus it shall be for both of them they
thus it shall be for both of them they
thus it shall be for both of them they shall be for the two corners so there
shall be for the two corners so there
shall be for the two corners so there shall be eight boards with their sockets
shall be eight boards with their sockets
shall be eight boards with their sockets of silver sixteen sockets two sockets
of silver sixteen sockets two sockets
of silver sixteen sockets two sockets under each of the boards and you shall
under each of the boards and you shall
under each of the boards and you shall make bars of a case or five for the
make bars of a case or five for the
make bars of a case or five for the boards on one side of the tabernacle
boards on one side of the tabernacle
boards on one side of the tabernacle five bars for the boards on the other
five bars for the boards on the other
five bars for the boards on the other side of the tabernacle and five bars for
side of the tabernacle and five bars for
side of the tabernacle and five bars for the boards on the side of the tabernacle
the boards on the side of the tabernacle
the boards on the side of the tabernacle for the farside westward the middle bar
for the farside westward the middle bar
for the farside westward the middle bar shall pass through the midst of the
shall pass through the midst of the
shall pass through the midst of the boards from end to end
boards from end to end
boards from end to end you shall overlay the boards with gold
you shall overlay the boards with gold
you shall overlay the boards with gold make their rings of gold as holders for
make their rings of gold as holders for
make their rings of gold as holders for the bars and overlay the bars with gold
the bars and overlay the bars with gold
the bars and overlay the bars with gold and you shall raise up the tabernacle
and you shall raise up the tabernacle
and you shall raise up the tabernacle according to its pattern which you were
according to its pattern which you were
according to its pattern which you were shown on the mountain you shall make a
shown on the mountain you shall make a
shown on the mountain you shall make a veil woven of blue purple and scarlet
veil woven of blue purple and scarlet
veil woven of blue purple and scarlet thread and fine woven linen it shall be
thread and fine woven linen it shall be
thread and fine woven linen it shall be woven with an artistic design of charity
woven with an artistic design of charity
woven with an artistic design of charity you shall hang it upon the four pillars
you shall hang it upon the four pillars
you shall hang it upon the four pillars of acacia wood overlaid with gold their
of acacia wood overlaid with gold their
of acacia wood overlaid with gold their hooks shall be gold upon four sockets of
hooks shall be gold upon four sockets of
hooks shall be gold upon four sockets of silver
silver
silver and you shall hang the veil from the
and you shall hang the veil from the
and you shall hang the veil from the clasps then you shall bring the Ark of
clasps then you shall bring the Ark of
clasps then you shall bring the Ark of the testimony in there behind the Veil
the testimony in there behind the Veil
the testimony in there behind the Veil the veil shall be a divider for you
the veil shall be a divider for you
the veil shall be a divider for you between the holy place and the most holy
between the holy place and the most holy
between the holy place and the most holy you shall put the mercy seat upon the
you shall put the mercy seat upon the
you shall put the mercy seat upon the Ark of the testimony in the most holy
Ark of the testimony in the most holy
Ark of the testimony in the most holy you shall set the table outside the veil
you shall set the table outside the veil
you shall set the table outside the veil and the lamp stand across from the table
and the lamp stand across from the table
and the lamp stand across from the table on the side of the tabernacle toward the
on the side of the tabernacle toward the
on the side of the tabernacle toward the South and you shall put the table on the
South and you shall put the table on the
South and you shall put the table on the north side you shall make a screen for
north side you shall make a screen for
north side you shall make a screen for the door of the tabernacle woven of blue
the door of the tabernacle woven of blue
the door of the tabernacle woven of blue purple and scarlet thread and fine woven
purple and scarlet thread and fine woven
purple and scarlet thread and fine woven linen made by a weaver and you shall
linen made by a weaver and you shall
linen made by a weaver and you shall make for the screen five pillars of
make for the screen five pillars of
make for the screen five pillars of acacia wood and overlay them with gold
acacia wood and overlay them with gold
acacia wood and overlay them with gold their hooks shall be gold and you shall
their hooks shall be gold and you shall
their hooks shall be gold and you shall cast five sockets of bronze for them